Q3) Differentiate between process and thread.
---------------------------------------------

Difference between Process and Thread: 
--------------------------------------
S.NO	Process	                                                     		Thread
----    --------                                                    		-------
1.	Process means any program is in execution.			Thread means a segment of a process.

2.	The process takes more time to terminate.			The thread takes less time to terminate.

3.	It takes more time for creation.				It takes less time for creation.

4.	It also takes more time for context switching.			It takes less time for context switching.

5.	The process is less efficient in terms of communication.	Thread is more efficient in terms of communication.

6. 	Multiprogramming holds the concepts of multi-process.		We don’t need multi programs in action for multiple threads because a single process 	consists of multiple threads.

7.	The process is isolated.					Threads share memory.

8.	The process is called the heavyweight process.			A Thread is lightweight as each thread in a process shares code, data, and 									resources.

9.	Process switching uses an interface in an operating system.	Thread switching does not require calling an operating system and causes an 									interrupt to the kernel.

10.	If one process is blocked then it will not affect the 		If a user-level thread is blocked, then all other user-level threads are blocked. 
	execution of other processes 

11.	The process has its own Process Control Block, Stack 		Thread has Parents’ PCB, its own Thread Control Block, and Stack and common Address 	and Address Space.						space.

12.	Changes to the parent process do not affect child processes.	Since all threads of the same process share address space and other resources so any 									changes to the main thread may affect the behavior of the other threads of the 									process.

13.	A system call is involved in it.				No system call is involved, it is created using APIs.

14.	The process does not share data with each other.		Threads share data with each other.